age=23
condition=cancer
location=California

1. Using Biomarkers to Help Guide Safe Immunotherapy Discontinuation in Patients With Unresectable Stage IIIB-IV Melanoma, The PET-Stop Trial (NCT: NCT04462406)
   Status: RECRUITING
   Conditions: Advanced Melanoma, Clinical Stage III Cutaneous Melanoma AJCC v8, Clinical Stage IV Cutaneous Melanoma AJCC v8, Melanoma of Unknown Primary, Pathologic Stage IIIB Cutaneous Melanoma AJCC v8, Pathologic Stage IIIC Cutaneous Melanoma AJCC v8, Pathologic Stage IIID Cutaneous Melanoma AJCC v8, Pathologic Stage IV Cutaneous Melanoma AJCC v8, Unresectable Acral Lentiginous Melanoma, Unresectable Melanoma, Unresectable Mucosal Melanoma
   Summary: This phase II trial investigates how well biomarkers on PET/CT imaging drive early discontinuation of anti-PD-1 therapy in patients with stage IIIB-IV melanoma that cannot be removed by surgery (unresectable). Anti-PD-1 therapy has become a standard therapy option for patients with unresectable melanoma. This trial is being done to determine if doctors can safely shorten the use of standard of care anti-PD1 therapy for melanoma by using biomarkers seen on PET/CT imaging and tumor biopsy.

2. Bright IDEAS for Pediatric Palliative Care: A Problem-Solving Skills Intervention to Empower Parent Resilience (NCT: NCT05899998)
   Status: RECRUITING
   Conditions: Psychological Distress, Quality of Life
   Summary: The goal of this or clinical trial is to test in the feasibility, acceptability and preliminary efficacy of the bright IDEAS problem solving skills training for parents of children in palliative care. The main questions it aims to answer are:  * Is bright IDEAS problem solving skills training feasible and acceptable for parents of children referred to pediatric palliative care? * Does bright IDEAS reduce psychological distress in parents compared to parents receiving standard palliative care support?  Participants will:  * Participate in 6-8 sessions of the bright IDEAS program. * Complete self report measures of psychological distress and well being.  If there is a comparison group: Researchers will compare bright IDEAS to standard palliative care support.
